[Music]
Heil flea master Prudhomme confessional
I expect the operation of Little Rock is
going well yes Lee master but we have
had a few setbacks such marks
yes fleetmaster the disrupter was
completed on schedule but a human
managed to damage it nothing we can't
fix a new time anything else I should
know about
well a small group of humans managed to
get past our blockade do they initiate
contact with anyone we think they might
have but there was not time for them to
say anything if over you have failed me
for the last time not this no pity
because of my confidence the humans
named and you're doing it without
control
and this planet and wine
Hey look we've got a transmission for
the Little Rock area we haven't heard
from them in a while
play it reach High Command this is PFC
mark of the 142 objet troopers stationed
at Little Rock the elites have attacked
and invaded the city breaking the human
psyche Lee treaty they are constructing
a super weapon called a disrupter that
has immense destructive power I you must
send reinforcements to destroy the
disrupter if you don't the elite no this
can't be happening there's no question
about it
it's them contact earth we're going to
be in reinforcements
[Music]
you